README.md, before:

Just playing around with some fun encoding strategies I thought of. Meant to be used on the classic Touhou Bad Apple music video, but theoretically can be used for any video, I tried to make it at least very easy to extend to work on any video.

For this first implementation, I made it work in a byte-aligned way which isn't the most efficient. But getting bit-packing to work will take a lot more time. But I did write an efficiency calculator based on the horizontal encoding of the video and given that the 512x384 6573 frame video I have goes from a 15.5mb to 10.2mb with byte aligned and theoretically around 8.2mb if I could write the bit-packed version it's really not that great.

Given the video's mostly vertical characters I also tested encoding the video vertically, and that makes the byte aligned version 8.46mb. And the theoretical bit-packed version would be around 7.2mb so the difference in savings there is a smidge less than last time.

Next step is to create a decoder to play the video file I made. We'll see how that goes!

Current byte-aligned file format:
```
File Header
bytes per dimension = 3 bits
bytes per color-count = 3 bits
whether constant first color (1) or per-frame (0) = 1 bit
constant first color, or ignored = 1 bit (with 1 byte color-size they're essentially equivalent)
width dimension
height dimension
REPEATING FRAME DATA:
IF per-frame first color, define now (1 or 0) = 1 byte
length of color (either first color or black) [repeat until end of frame]
```

Commit message:

Fix encoder to work with whole numbers

README.md, after:

Just playing around with some fun encoding strategies I thought of. Meant to be used on the classic Touhou Bad Apple music video, but theoretically can be used for any video, I tried to make it at least very easy to extend to work on any video.

For this first implementation, I made it work in a byte-aligned way which isn't the most efficient. But getting bit-packing to work will take a lot more time. But I did write an efficiency calculator based on the horizontal encoding of the video and given that the 512x384 6573 frame video I have goes from a 15.5mb to 10.9mb with byte aligned and theoretically a bit less if I could write the bit-packed version bit it's really not that great. I tried a vertical encoding by using a rotated video and it didn't do much better coming in at 10.5mb so not sure if it's worth it, will probably vary based on video.

Might also be good to try bit split numbers instead of proper numbers each time... will take some thought to get back to that format.

Next step is to create a decoder to play the video file I made. We'll see how that goes!

Current byte-aligned file format:
```
File Header
bytes per dimension = 3 bits
bytes per color-count = 3 bits
whether constant first color (1) or per-frame (0) = 1 bit
constant first color, or ignored = 1 bit (with 1 byte color-size they're essentially equivalent)
width dimension
height dimension
REPEATING FRAME DATA:
IF per-frame first color, define now (1 or 0) = 1 byte
length of color (either first color or black) [repeat until end of frame]
```
